# Drilldown
Time: 15 minutes

## Instructions
Users viewing dashboards often want to be able to go deeper into the data. For example, in a dashboard, we might have a list of the top errors in a table (built from a custom search). Users might like to click on one of those errors and know more about it. We can configure a drilldown so when you click on an option, it opens a new search, dashboard, or a URL.

### Drilldown With Auto Search
Let's continue using the top URLs list from the previous lab. Even though this might not make sense to include in the dashboard, let's use it for practice purposes. Create a report from the following search query:

```
sourcetype=access_custom | stats count by server_ip | eval label=server_ip." (".count.")"
```

- Add this saved report to the dashboard (use the `Add Panel` button and search for the dashboard you created in Lab 10.)
- Navigate to your dashboard (`Dashboards` -> Click on your dashboard name)
- In edit mode, click on your newly added search table panel
- In the `Configuration` pane on the right of the page, scroll down to the `Interactions` section, expand, and click `Add interaction`
- Choose `Link to search` for the `On click` drop-down
- Make sure the `Auto` option is selected
- Check the `Open in new tab` checkbox
- Click on `Apply`, click on `Save`, click on `View`
- Test that it's working by clicking on one of the options. It should open a new tab with a search filtering events by the action you selected (you may have to turn off pop-up window blockers)

### Drilldown With Custom Search
We'll continue using the same search panel you just added.

- In edit mode, click on your search table panel
- In the `Configuration` pane, scroll down to the `Interactions` section, expand, and click the `pencil` icon to edit the existing `Link to search` interaction
- Change the `Search` option to `Custom`
- Type the following search query in the `SPL query` box

```
sourcetype=access_custom server_ip=$value$
```

- Click on `Apply`, click on `Save`, click on `View`
- Test that it's working by clicking on one of the options. It should open a new search filtering events by the action you selected. This search will look identical to the "Auto" search from above, but now it's a search you wrote yourself—it could be anything that references the clicked-on value.

### Drilldown to Another Dashboard
Now, let's open the same dashboard. But this time, when you click an action, that action will be preselected in the dropdown input you have. This should change the results on the screen.

- In edit mode, click the table, then expand the `Interactions` section of the `Configuration` for the table.
- Click the `pencil` icon to edit the `Link to custom search` interaction
- Choose `Link to dashboard` for the `On click` option
- For the `Select a dashboard` drop-down, choose the dashboard you created in Lab 10 (the one you're currently editing&mdash;I know, it doesn't make sense, but bear with me)
- This time, make sure `Open in new tab` is unchecked
- Expand the `Set Tokens` section
    - Choose `server_ip` in the `Token Name` box
    - Choose `value` for the `Token Value` box
- Click on `Apply`, click on `Save`, click on `View`
- Test that it's working by clicking on one of the server_ip options. It should reload the dashboard with the "Server" drop-down preset to whatever value you clicked on in the table, which will then cause the "Status Code Distribution" pie chart to only include that value in its search. You can see how you could link to any other dashboard and use the clicked-on value to drive the new dashboard's panels.
